Added page with help about Search filters (#65)
Chatterino/wiki: docs/Search.md

# Search

> Chatterino has Search Popup which lets you quickly find messages in the chat. You can open it with the `Ctrl+F` shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chatterino has a Search Popup which lets you quickly find messages in the chat. You can open it with the `Ctrl+F` shortcut or through the split menu.
```

Not sure If I'm right about the naming of the split menu but you can change it.

Author: I've been considering adding this, but I wanted to keep it short and simple to not overwhelm users with the amount of text there. I know I provided only 1 option out of 2 that are available, but honestly i feel like just being able to Ctrl+F the popup is enough to know about.

## Search filters

You can use several search filters to narrow down your search:

- `from:<username>` - shows messages only from certain username. Can be multiple usernames separated with a comma (added in 2.1.4)
- `has:<flags>` - shows messages only containing specified elements, list of flags (added in 2.1.4):
    - `link` - filters messages with links

> - `in:<channel>` - (useful in `#/mentions` channel) shows messages that originate from certain channels (added in 2.1.4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `in:<channel>` - (useful in `#/mentions` channel) shows messages that originate from certain channels (added in 2.3.0)
```

Maybe worth mentioning the option of comma seperated values here too? Or possibly once for all filters?

Author: I agree I've been a little inconsistent with the comma separation, I'll just make a note that all predicates can have comma-separated values :+1:

Author: Both resolved in fc3f0c2
